docs: adding link to obj detect. studio (#20150)
Lightning-AI/pytorch-lightning: README.md

| [Image classification](https://lightning.ai/lightning-ai/studios/image-classification-with-pytorch-lightning) | Finetune - ResNet-34 model to classify images of cars          | <a target="_blank" href="https://lightning.ai/lightning-ai/studios/image-classification-with-pytorch-lightning"><img src="https://pl-bolts-doc-images.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/app-2/studio-badge.svg" alt="Open In Studio"/></a> |   
| [Image segmentation](https://lightning.ai/lightning-ai/studios/image-segmentation-with-pytorch-lightning)   | Finetune - ResNet-50 model to segment images                   | <a target="_blank" href="https://lightning.ai/lightning-ai/studios/image-segmentation-with-pytorch-lightning"><img src="https://pl-bolts-doc-images.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/app-2/studio-badge.svg" alt="Open In Studio"/></a> |   

> | [Object detection](https://lightning.ai/lightning-ai/studios/object-detection-with-pytorch-lightning)       | Finetune - ResNet-50 model to segment images                   | <a target="_blank" href="https://lightning.ai/lightning-ai/studios/image-segmentation-with-pytorch-lightning"><img src="https://pl-bolts-doc-images.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/app-2/studio-badge.svg" alt="Open In Studio"/></a> |

Author: ```suggestion
| [Object detection](https://lightning.ai/lightning-ai/studios/object-detection-with-pytorch-lightning)       | Finetune - Faster R-CNN model to detect objects                   | <a target="_blank" href="https://lightning.ai/lightning-ai/studios/image-segmentation-with-pytorch-lightning"><img src="https://pl-bolts-doc-images.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/app-2/studio-badge.svg" alt="Open In Studio"/></a> |
```

> | [Object detection](https://lightning.ai/lightning-ai/studios/object-detection-with-pytorch-lightning)       | Finetune - Faster R-CNN model to detect objects                   | <a target="_blank" href="https://lightning.ai/lightning-ai/studios/image-segmentation-with-pytorch-lightning"><img src="https://pl-bolts-doc-images.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/app-2/studio-badge.svg" alt="Open In Studio"/></a> |

Reviewer: The link is still wrong @Borda

Author: ```suggestion
| [Object detection](https://lightning.ai/lightning-ai/studios/object-detection-with-pytorch-lightning)       | Finetune - Faster R-CNN model to detect objects                   | <a target="_blank" href="https://lightning.ai/lightning-ai/studios/object-detection-with-pytorch-lightning"><img src="https://pl-bolts-doc-images.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/app-2/studio-badge.svg" alt="Open In Studio"/></a> |
```
